Privacy policy

We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this privacy policy. This Policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide in the Metro Runner mobile application. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our policy.

This Policy is a legally binding agreement between you and us If you are entering into this agreement on behalf of a business or other legal entity, you represent that you have the authority to bind such entity to this agreement, in which case the terms you shall refer to such entity. If you do not have such authority, or if you do not agree with the terms of this agreement, it is preferable to not accept this agreement and not access and use Metro Runner. By accessing and using Metro Runner, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by the terms of this Policy.


Collection of information

Our top priority is customer data security and, as such, WE DO NOT COLLECT ANY DATA from the users with Metro Runner, and because of that, we can not share your personal information with anyone. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other resources or third parties. We encourage you to be aware when you leave Metro Runner and to read the privacy statements of each and every resource that may collect Personal Information.


Privacy of children

WE DO NOT COLLECT any Personal Information from children under the age of 13.
We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce this Policy by instructing their children never to provide Personal Information through the Mobile Application and Services without their permission. We also ask that all parents and legal guardians overseeing the care of children take the necessary precautions to ensure that their children are instructed to never give out Personal Information when online without their permission.


Changes and amendments

We reserve the right to modify this Policy or its terms related to Metro Runner at any time at our discretion. When we do, we will post a notification in the Mobile Application. An updated version of this Policy will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Policy unless otherwise specified. Your continued use of the Mobile Application and Services after the effective date of the revised Policy (or such other act specified at that time) will constitute your consent to those changes.


Acceptance of this policy

You acknowledge that you have read this Policy and agree to all its terms and conditions. By accessing and using Metro Runner, you agree to be bound by this Policy. If you do not agree to abide by the terms of this Policy, it is preferable to not use Metro Runner.


Contacting us

If you have any questions, concerns, or complaints regarding this Policy, we encourage you to contact us using the details below:

visiblespectrum.infocontact@gmail.com

We will attempt to resolve complaints and disputes and make every reasonable effort to honor your wish to exercise your rights as quickly as possible and in any event, within the timescales provided by applicable data protection laws.

This document was last updated on June 17, 2023